# The Archive by Clayton Ward
### Web app for displaying my work and demonstrating my development skills.
[Go to backend repository](https://github.com/theclayton/the-archive-backend)

Hello! Thank you for browsing The Archive repository. I am Clayton Ward, the developer of this project. I have several years of software development experience and decided to create this app as a place to display all of my projects and show off some of the work I can do. The Archive features a range publicly accessible resources for viewing information about my projects, including: A feature page which display projects the admin user has selected. A page to disaply all my projects from latest to oldest. A recents side bar. A search bar which queries the database. I also included an API reference page to describe how the varias parts of the app are requested from the backend. The admin user can create, edit and delete projects and users using the small CMS tool I created.

I developed the frontend with Angular using TypeScript, HTML and CSS. The back-end is a RESTful API I built, running Express and MongoDB. Feel free to explore the API and cURL some endpoints. The frontend of this site is served with one of my Apache Linux servers, which I also use for my freelance work and company Flare Software LC. The [backend](https://github.com/theclayton/the-archive-backend) is served from a Google Cloud Platform Debian Linux instance running a reverse proxy with nginx (mostly for TLS encryption reasons) and a NodeJS instance, monitored with PM2. MongoDB is used to store all Archive data. File uploads are stored on the server and served with the same ExpressJS server process as the API, for simplicity and speed.

I published this web application for the very first time on October 8, 2020. Feel free to browse through my other projects. They can be accessd scrolling through the list of All Projects. Or by searching for projects by name, technologies or languages/technologies used. Also, don't miss the featured projects on the home page!
